Added doc for absolute import from gatsby eslint rules or other tools (#22750)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/docs/add-custom-webpack-config.md

You can always find more information on _resolve_ and other options in the official [Webpack docs](https://webpack.js.org/concepts/).

### Importing non-webpack tools using `yarn`

> Note that above solution absolute imports only applies to webpack. If you are trying to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that using absolute imports only applies to webpack resolutions and will not work for other tools, e.g. eslint or typescript. 
```

> eject from gatsby's eslint rules or use other tools they will not know how to resolve

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> these and will complain. But if you are using yarn 1 or 2, then the best practice is to set them in package.json as shown below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But if you are using yarn, then the best practice is to set up your imports in package.json as shown below:
```
